Author(s)
Ben Peloquin (Stanford University) - bpeloqui@stanford.edu
Mike Frank (Stanford University) - mcfrank@stanford.edu
Make sure all email addresses are correct, otherwise authors will not have access to this submission and it will never be approved.

Submission
1) What's the main question being asked or hypothesis being tested in this study?
1) Domain does not predict literal listener or pragmatic listener judgments
2) Literal semantics will vary between words within scalar families and between families
3) Model fit will improve with the addition of alternatives

2) Describe the key dependent variable(s) specifying how they will be measured.
1) Literal semantics - binary "yes"/"no" response testing a words compatibility with a given star-rating
2) Pragmatic judgments - 5-star rating testing a words meaning given a context (domain)
3) Model fit (correlation) between RSA with literal semantics as input and human Pragmatic judgments

3) How many and which conditions will participants be assigned to?
Literal semantics: 6 conditions between subjects (six different domains, e.g. "restaurant" vs "book" vs "play"...)
Pragmatic judgments: 6 conditions between subjects (six different domains, e.g. "restaurant" vs "book" vs "play"...)

4) Specify exactly which analyses you will conduct to examine the main question/hypothesis.
Literal semantics: Logistic regression / Mixed effects logistic regression assessing whether "domain" predicts response (e.g. "yes"/"no")
Pragmatic judgments: Linear regression / Mixed effects regression assessing whether "domain" predicts rating (1-5 stars)
Correlation between RSA model predictions and human pragmatic judgments while varying set of alternatives available to the model.

5) Any secondary analyses?
Literal semantics: Individual word sensitivities. Logistic regression on subset of data (single word)
Pragmatic judgments: Individual word sensitivities. Linear regression on subset of data (single word)

6) How many observations will be collected or what will determine sample size?
No need to justify decision, but be precise about exactly how the number will be determined.
Literal semantics: n~50 (minus some who may not pass training trials) in each condition so n~300 total.
Pragmatic judgments: n~50 in each condition so n~300 total.

7) Anything else you would like to pre-register? 
(e.g., data exclusions, variables collected for exploratory purposes, unusual analyses planned?)
Data exclusions:
Participants do not pass two training trials. (This exclusion criteria will be used in both literal semantics and pragmatic judgment tasks).
Participants must be native English speakers.

8) Have any data been collected for this study already?
No, no data have been collected for this study yet